# Food_waste_Management_sytem_ADMS

Background to the Problem
We can stop the waste of food and reuse it in many other ways. And it is most important for any country or society. In our country, many food products are being wasted every day also, people also waste many types of food in various places. There are many people who aren’t able to afford thus they live without food sometimes more than a day. In Bangladesh, there are so many people who aren’t able to buy food to lead their daily life. So, we should not waste food in such ways, we have to make proper use of food and we also have to try to stop the waste of food.  So, it's a challenge for our government to make the proper utilization of any system, as in like this food wasting and starving should not continue anymore. Besides our government, we also have to be aware of other people in our society who are unable to buy food.
So, here's a plan to try to solve this problem. A Grocery shop has food products from many well-known manufacturers. Now, if some of the products are expired, he/she sends those products back to the company and asking for a replacement thus, those food products are now nothing but a waste. So, there are no use of these foods and the manufacturer’s face a loss for not being able to sell these products on time. Here is a solution what if the company can manage to send this food before being expired, to those people who aren’t able to afford this kind of food and they can get this food for sale, then everyone can be benefited. 
